[Music]
the urban Fox not a separate species but
the same red fox that lives in the
countryside in Britain there are
thousands of urban foxes and much of
what they do is under cover of darkness
so what did they get up to you are about
to find out this is the secret nightlife
of the Fox a modern city has everything
a fox needs water warmth shelter and of
course food
foxes spend most of their night foraging
lots of the foxes natural prey are found
in parks and gardens but there's also a
chance of running into their nemesis
dogs they will hunt but the main reason
they do so well in cities is their
ability to sniff out an easy meal it's
worth checking out the local chip shop
tonight there's some fast food on offer
a bag of chips foxes don't have it all
their own way there are plenty of
dangers to keep an eye out look out cars
are the biggest threat to foxes
foxes make use of roads and pavements
just as humans do humans don't have a
reason to fear foxes most encounters
between them come as a surprise to both
parties foxes are usually silent it's
not in their interests to give
themselves away but occasionally they
will call that blood-curdling sound you
can hear is another Fox calling follow
the sounds there might be a mate
you may never see a fox in the city but
they're there all right going about
their lives while we are sleeping
[Music]
you